CloudFront is Amazon service for content delivery.
CloudFront speeds up the delivery of your content through
Amazon's worldwide network of many data centers called edge locations.
As in a typical content delivery network,
your content is cached or stored for a certain period of
time at an edge location that is close to the user.
When a user requests your website or other web content,
the edge location is consulted first.
If the content is not there,
then your content is pulled from the origin or the original source,
which may be far away from the user's location,
then it's stored at the edge location and then delivered to your users.
All subsequent requests should now be faster because
the content is now stored at the edge location.
You can configure how long an item remains cached before a refresh,
or you can manually expire or remove content from the cache,
should it need to be changed.